Add documentation about creating tables using sqlalchemy schemas; Close #234 (#515)
encode/databases: docs/database_queries.md

)
```

You can use any of the SQLAlchemy column types such as `sqlalchemy.JSON`, or
custom column types.

## Creating tables

> Due to databases wrapping around multiple other packages, you can't use [the usual SQLAlchemy core way to create tables](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/metadata.html#sqlalchemy.schema.MetaData.create_all). Luckily, there's a neat workaround using schema compilation:

Reviewer: We should be more specific why some things are not possible and struggle for neutral language:

```suggestion
Databases don't use SQLAlchemy's engines for database access, making [the usual SQLAlchemy core way to create tables with `create_all`](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/metadata.html#sqlalchemy.schema.MetaData.create_all) not available. To work around this you can build `TABLE CREATE` queries manually:
```

```python
from databases import Database
import sqlalchemy

database = Database("postgresql+asyncpg://localhost/example")

# Establish the connection pool
await database.connect()

metadata = sqlalchemy.MetaData()
dialect = sqlalchemy.dialects.postgresql.dialect()

# Define your table(s)
notes = sqlalchemy.Table(
    "notes",
    metadata,
    sqlalchemy.Column("id", sqlalchemy.Integer, primary_key=True),
    sqlalchemy.Column("text", sqlalchemy.String(length=100)),
    sqlalchemy.Column("completed", sqlalchemy.Boolean),
)

# Create tables
for table in metadata.tables.values():
    # Set `if_not_exists=False` if you want the query to throw an
    # exception when the table already exists
    schema = sqlalchemy.schema.CreateTable(table, if_not_exists=True)
    query = str(schema.compile(dialect=dialect))
    await database.execute(query=query)

# Close all connections in the connection pool
await database.disconnect()
```

> Note that this way of creating tables is only useful for experiments. In a production environment, you'd rather use something like [Alembic](https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/), which also helps with database migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this way of creating tables is only useful for local experimentation. For serious projects, we recommend using proper database schema migrations solution like [Alembic](https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/)
```
